From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number three
55. Recorded live Thursday, January
17, 2013. Support for Hanselman
it's is provided by Tellerik
offering the best and developer
tools and support online@telerik.com and
by Franklin stock net training
developers to work smarter and
now offering gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect for
windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Jenny
Lee Fleury, a senior director
at Microsoft about how she
works accessibility and computing. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes and I'm here on
campus at Microsoft, and I've
got the nice opportunity to
sit down with Jennifer Sumi,
Jenny lay flurry. Thank you.
Who is a senior director
in accessibility and customer experience
here at Microsoft and you
are deaf. Yes, but we're
doing a podcast. What an
amazing gift that is. I,
yeah, I, I don't know
what to say to that.
So yes, I, my lost
my hearing when I was
a small child. So I
lost my hearing three measles.
My sister was born without,
with hearing loss as well.
My hearing is degenerated over
the years, so no, I
don't have a lot of
hearing. You said your sister
was born without hearing, but
you lost yours through measles.
Is that a coincidence or
do you think you were
genetically destined to happen here?
Really? They, they would say
it was a coincidence, but
given the propensity of hearing
loss in my family, I've
got uncles and family members
who also have lost. And
my dad even has some
loss. Yeah, it's a little
confusing, but it's just the
way we lived. And we
left You're you're accenting. Your
intonation of your words is
not a typical deaf person
or what, at least myself
as a hearing person would
expect a person with deafness
to sound like, how did
you manage that? And is
that a good thing or
a bad thing? Well, for
me it works great. I'm
what we kind of turned
deceptive deaf. So in terms
of how you walking in
my office and meeting me,
you would never know that
I have deafness. My sister
on the other hand is
someone who's visually deaf. She
wears hearing AIDS. Her speech
is more pronounced. And, but
at times she hears a
lot more than I do.
I'm a lip reader. I
learned liberating from my mother
when I was a small
child. And my hearing at
that point was probably 60%
down. It's gradually slid the
years. I'm not going to
tell you how old I
am, but it's just meant
that I learned a certain
way of understanding my world.
I went on to get
a music degree. I think
my music degree, I was
a clarinet player really helped
me with vibration acoustics, intonation,
and really understanding how my
voice presents itself. And so
it's a lot of work.
I don't keep intonation in
my voice without work. It
takes work and constant reiteration,
but it gives me a
whole ton of benefits that
come out the other side,
Since you, you know, ASL
American sign language, right? I
know pigeon Asli would never
say I'm an ASL speaker.
I know enough to get
by. Yeah. That's an interesting
bridge because I know that
in America and perhaps less
so in other countries that
people who are heart, what
they call hardcore, Duffy's true.
Deaf culture advocates feel very
strongly about their, their role
in the world. And here
you are with a foot
in each world almost. Is
that an inappropriate thing to
say? I think anything can
be said, I Does that
offend you inappropriately. I'm sorry.
I'm not easily offended. You
have to try harder than
that. I think a couple
of things with bring it.
So I, you know, a
couple of things with deafness.
I honestly think that the
hardest space when it comes
to deafness, I think every
disability is different. How it
manifests in people is different.
Everyone has their own version
of that reality. My grandmother's
96. She would say her
hearing is beautiful. I can
tell you that it's not,
you know, that it manifests
different for every person. Just
look at me and my
sister and the way that
I learned, because my hearing
gradually sled, I learned all
the techniques that are a
moderately, mild deaf person would
learn. They learned liberating, how
to communicate in a room.
I think sitting in an
orchestra was probably the biggest
thing that helped me understanding
how to watch people, the
way that you have to
when you're, when you're a
musician, but as I've sled,
the way that I now
work at Microsoft is leveraging
some of those techniques, which
is where I learned BSL.
Again, pigeon, I would never
say I was an expert.
So British sign language and
then changed to American sign
language when I moved over
here. So no I it's.
Every deaf person has what
works for them. And I
respect that. The reason I
ask is that what I
learned when we learned sign
language, my wife and I,
with my son growing up,
we did baby sign language.
And we wanted him to
be able to communicate before
he could speak. And the
person that we learned from
was a deaf professor who
did not speak. And that
kind of was my first
introduction to deaf culture. And
he had almost exclusively deaf
friends. His whole world was
a deaf world and it
was inconvenient for him to
step out. You said you
used the term deceptively deaf,
which I think is a
really interesting term because if
you, if you look at
you or if you look
at someone who is deceptively,
anything you can't really tell,
I mean, I'm deceptively diabetic
and it doesn't become a
problem unless I'm overseas with
a friend and I need
some sugar and I need
it right now. And then
suddenly I went from being
able bodied Scott to incredibly
disabled. I need help right
now, Scott. And that has
been my foot in one
world and a foot in
the other world. Do you,
is it sliding to the
point where you're going to
become profoundly deaf, completely deaf?
So I'm a firm believer
that science and medicine is
not the be all and
end all. If I believe
the doctors, I would have
not been able to speak
about 20 years ago and
I'm so bunk, as far
as I'm concerned, I, I
do believe that, you know,
my hearing loss is degrading.
My, and that's a medical
fact. My speech is degrading.
It's worse now than it
was five years ago. And
it's difficult for me to
navigate in some environments. And
that means that for me,
there are certain things that
I know I'm going to
be successful at, but put
me in a darkened room
with a bunch of people
speaking and foreign accents and
things. And that I'm, I'm,
that's one. It's not going
to be fun. And two,
I'm not going to be
successful. So I get picky
with how I communicate, but
I am not my deafness.
And the way that I've
learned has enabled me to
have, you know, my friends
are a mix. My environment
is a mix. My partner
is hearing, my sister is
not used. So I I'm
in that blended world. And
I respect people in the
community as every type of
disability where they're not able
or choose not to commute,
you know, be in that
blended environment. That is a
tough gig, I think. But
there's nothing to say. People
can't again, be enabled to
be completely successful. And there's
many, many people out there
who are, So we're not
alone here in the room.
And if there's a pause,
as we, as we speak,
it's because you have, you
have a helper who is
your helper and what is
her job Helper? I'm not
sure if you'd like to
be called a helper. The
lender is it, Belinda's in
the room as well. She's,
she's my ASL interpreter. I
have a group that helped
me a group that helped
me and they will, they
will transition depending on what's
going on in my calendar.
They won't speak, I wasn't
looking for her to speak.
I was interested in the
sounds of her fingers. Go
for it. Can I put
the microphone next to it
while she translates? No idea
that that makes a sound.
Does he make a sound?
It makes us admit there's
a, there's a sense of,
of quickness to it. It
adds, there's a sense of
tempo, a sense of there's
a musicality to it because
she is not in my
peripheral vision, but I'm hearing
a, a movement and a
friction on her hand. And
just trying to explain that
to a deaf girl. Yeah.
I'm trying to display it
to a former deaf musician,
a deaf musician with a
sense of tempo. No, that's
I, I had no idea.
It's just, it's funny. We,
we had a deaf education
class last week with another
employee I was running and
she talked about how she
was sitting with her partner
the night before, and her
partner could hear static electricity.
And both of us were
cracking up because neither of
us knew that that made
her. So I respect that
When a hearing person who
is interested in deaf culture
like myself and like my
wife and my family see
different people talking, you know,
you're at of, you know,
how it is, you're at
red Robin. And then there
are, there's deaf couple over
there where there's a young
person talking to their, their
friend. Each person has a
tempo and a musicality to
their hands. And then some
vocalize when they speak. And
there is music in that,
not just in the visual
visual music, but in the
sound of the deafness and
that the, the vocalization that
doesn't sound like anything. It's
not any sound. It's not
English that comes out of
their mouth. So that's what
I was trying to capture
there with, with Belinda. Not
in any way to intrude
on her. No, no, no.
I should explain the ethics
behind interpreters are that they,
cause I see, I saw
you putting the microphone towards
her and you know, you
could see her shaking her
head and because the ethics
actually dictate that that really
I am the voice and
they are the enabler. And
I I'm so fortunate to
have, I I'm being honest
and I shouldn't tell them
they'll get big heads, but
they are some of the
best interpreters I've ever worked
with, which is so important
to my role here at
Microsoft and know my ability
to perform and be successful
in that company is really
down to these guys. You
know, anytime that we get
plaudits for what we're doing,
it's really these guys. Cause
I wouldn't be able to
do what I do everyday
without them. So now they're
gone red. We can move
on. But yeah, I use
a variety of different accommodations
of which a bell, the
lender, and a couple of
my others are. And you,
you schedule your day and
your meetings, do you, do
you have to front load
them or load them in
such a way so that
you know, that you have
support at the meetings that
you need support at? So
the way my, my calendar,
I wish I had control
enough to be able to
do that. You don't always
get to dictate what's on
your calendar. When bosses call
meetings, you have to run.
But I, there are things
that we do. We categorize
meetings as they come in,
they get categorized ABCD. If
it's an AA meeting, I
missing, you know, meeting with
the executives of the company,
they're going to talk fast.
They're going to talk with
a lot of people in
the room. I'll have two
interpreters sitting with me and
they'll be rotating 15, 20
minutes on and off B.
Then it's just like we
have here, Belinda and I,
and yourself, she'll be here
for the whole duration. And
we know each other well
enough to know how to
make this groove. And then
C is captioning and we
use two different types of
captioning. So we use a
onsite where a lady will
come or Jen with a
sonographer like you see in
a court, The court reporter,
and they're there. Okay. Now
I can either sit and
look at their screen or
if I'm on a conference
call, then I'll just log
onto an IE page. And
the captions of what's being
said will appear little, little
lag. You know, you got
a little lag, but it's
like watching captions on your
TV and then damn on
my own. If that's someone
I know well, and I,
I feel comfortable with my
lip reading of them, or
I'm comfortable that if for
any reason we'll switch, we
often switched to instant communicator.
If we need to or
whiteboards or whatever works. That's
the joy of working in
a company like Microsoft technology
comes in back. I have
the captions on, on my
TV, maybe 30% of the
time, 40% of the time.
And often we'll stop our
TV backup, turn it on.
And I've found them to
be rather disappointing. I feel
like for some shows I'm
missing out. Like I'm like,
I don't think he said
that and that's not right.
I mean, do you ever
feel like you're only getting
90% of the story and
that there's some subtle nuance
that's being missed? Yeah. It's
kinda funny. I'll just tell
you a little story. I
go to, I love the
movies. I, in fact, I'm
a huge Oscars buff. So
I've got a lot of
movies to watch in the
next couple of months for
the Oscars, the movie theater
that I go to, I
get a captioning machine, I
get my driver's license. They
give me a captioning machine.
I sit in my seat
and it sits into the
coffee stand and it shows
captioned. And often I'll see
a movie more than once
now, the first time sometimes
those machines aren't available or
they're broken, it's new technology.
They haven't worked out with
the King yet. So that's
when I'll see movie twice
and I'll see it without
the captions. And I think
I've got it. I think
I've got that script down.
When in actual fact, all
I'm doing is focusing on
James Bond. I'm not, you know,
I, I clearly am missing
stuff, but I don't know.
You cannot lip read someone
in a movie it's very,
very hard to do. So
I'll be making up the
script, which is often more
imaginative than what they're actually
talking about, but I'll see
it twice so that I
can really understand it. So
in those environments, sometimes you
will be clearly knowing that
you're missing stuff other times
not, and you will be
amazed how much fluff there
is in television programs and
movies that I think my
world is better not knowing
about it makes it simpler,
quicker and smarter. And I'm
pretty good at filling in
gaps. Yeah, I think Def
is being is much more
like a jigsaw puzzle than
people realize. That's interesting. When
I think about captioning that
has been formalized, like a,
like a one hour drama,
that capsuling is almost always
correct, but captioning of like
the morning news show, when
they're, you know, when they're
having a chat back and
forth, I find that the
amount of information contained in
the average person's sentence, the
signal to noise is, you
know, maybe 50%, 60%, there's
a lot of ums and
hems and Haws. Does your
captioning system and, or your
interpreter cut out that, that,
that chaff, and then leave
you only with the signal
or do you see that
we are making up our
sentence? Part of the, the
biggest, the worst thing you
can do with a person
with deafness is do the,
Oh, it wasn't important. You
know, I actually want to
see the MZ Oz and
you know, you know, the
pauses, the long pauses is
important for me because it
tells me a lot of
what's going on. And so
no, those are shown and
they're shown for a reason,
what they'll get wrong is,
you know, names, places, things
that particularly the nouns, right.
They'll get those wrong. What
a lot of the live
shows do is they prep
the captioners. They have the
transcript, the names, they know
who's coming on, what the
timing is. They'll have the
questions. That's when you know,
you've got a good setup
when the company is working
with the captioners to make
sure the accuracy is right.
But no, I really want
that. And in fact, someone,
if someone's telling a joke
and then what repeat it,
I'll get miffed. You know,
the, the great thing about
being in a company like
Microsoft is that I do
have the ability on a
conference call to say, stop,
two of you are talking,
come on, work out who
who's going to talk first,
or you gotta repeat that.
We missed it. Or, you
know, just spell it out.
What I have that I'm
empowered to do that. And
yeah, I think part of
having a disability is being
your own self advocate and
having that confidence, even when
there's somebody who's scary on
the, on that call, just
saying, you know what? I
didn't catch it. And I
really want to understand what
you're saying. So repeat it.
And you may laugh 20
seconds after them, but Hey,
laughing twice I think is
better than not laughing at
all. That confidence is hard
to have because one of
the, and this is in
quotes and error. One of
the disabilities I have is
that I'm a remote worker.
So I live in Portland,
Oregon, and I am, I
am simply a voice or
I'm a tiny video square.
And they forget me. I've
had times when they've left
the room and I can
hear the sound of the
empty and like, okay, I,
I need to do my
part in the standup now,
guys, anyone, hello? Hello. And
it's very sad. And I
think to myself, if I
had the confidence to be
more assertive, then this would
not be a problem. But
then there's the concern that
you're different. You're the remote
person. And they'll think poorly
of you. Do you think
that I'm trying to say
you don't feel bad that
you're reminding people that there's
a missing piece when you
make that assertion that, Hey,
I need to be heard
because I feel as a
remote, I'm reminding them I'm
remote. When I'm saying, please
have a camera on for
me, please. I'm the remote
guy. You see the parallel
I totally do. And I
think it's a human, it's
a human nature to an
insecurity. I it's a question.
It's, it's something that you,
you know, I, trust me,
I would rather not have
to do it, but his,
he was, it was an
epiphany for me in my
twenties, I think, which was
your, the realization that if
I'm going to be successful
in life in Korea, then
the only one who's going
to lose out by not
speaking out is me. And
I, I'm very grounded in
that. I am different and
I can't conform to some
of the norms. I don't
think that's a bad thing.
I actually think that what
we bring by being different
in whatever way that is,
whether it's disability, gender, sexuality,
whatever that is, bring something
else to the conversation. What
I generally find when I
speak up is that it's,
you actually add a level
of respect into the conversation
that sometimes doesn't exist and
yeah, as many stereotypes exist
about Microsoft, I can, I
can say we do talk
fast and we do try
and talk over one another
and we are all smart.
And sometimes you're saying, you
know what? You gotta slow
it down. We're missing you.
And I really want to
hear what you have to
say. Just, it takes it
to a different level. You
know, those that have worked
with me for a long
time can sometimes be, get
as well. And I love
that. Cause I like that
I can be deceptive and
I hope that remains, who
knows. But I also love
that it's a, I'm in
an environment where I do
not feel uncomfortable saying that
there are moments, there are
always moments the same as
a musician walking out on
stage. You get those nerves,
but if you're grounded in
what you believe, then I,
I think he's actually all
for the best. How, how
accommodating should, should people be?
And I don't know if
the term is able bodied
or regular or prototypical, what
is the term for the
person that doesn't have any
different abilities? Like, I'll give
you an example. My good
friend SOXHUB is blind. And
he mentioned once, years ago,
six years ago that I
wasn't putting any alt tags
on my graphics, on my
website. Right. All text and
every single blog post, since
then I have done that.
And I've even sometimes left
little messages just for the
blind people in the all
text. And whenever I write
a blog post, I think
of my friend. And I
think what helpful piece of
text should be here for
my friend. And I don't
know if that's because I
have this friend or if
it's, because I'm starting to
think about the world beyond
just the able bodied. But
then that has a van
that has got me thinking
about colorblind and icon design
and captioning. I, I closed
caption all of my YouTube
videos now. And it's so
tedious. It's so tedious. It
takes hours and hours. Even
this show here, we have
a court reporter who will
transcribe this into a PDF.
And, but at what point
should that it does it
does it, does it, does
it become an inconvenience? And
I should just say, that's
enough enough people can see
this. I don't think it,
I don't think it's ever
enough. So I applaud you
for your effort. I think
taking that time, if you
get one extra less, now
one extra viewer. My firm
belief is that no effort
is enough and it's always
worth it. Always worth it
because you will bring in
some person who's never listened
to you before who gets
a new, fresh perspective. Who's
inspired to go and do
amazing things. I, I firmly
firmly believe that, but that's
not to say that the
technology is where we want
it to be. I would
wish that closed captioning could
be a lot easier and
a lot less cost. And
I hope that that's in
our future, at least in
my short term future, to
go to your, you know,
your first question about terminology.
And I think terminology is
something that changes over time.
The way that I think
about it now is different
to where I thought about
it five years, 10 years
ago. So the first principle
that I hold there is
that we are people first.
I actually don't like anything
that is disabled. I actually
don't like that time. That's
my personal thing. I would
prefer. It's just pure syntax
of it's a person with
a disability. So I'm actually
a person. I'm a person
with hearing loss, a person
who is blind, a person
with a mobility impairment. Now
some people I, but you'll
also hear me say, I'm
a deaf guy and you'll
hear somebody likes a keyboard.
You know, others, that what
for me saying I'm blind
and I'm, that's totally okay
as well. That's what they
choose to use. There are
certain words that you shouldn't
use. Handicap is actually moving
out of preference and out
of fashion. And I, I,
I can see that I
handy cap. I eat just
not a word that describes
me. I would never use
that to refer to myself.
But I think the, you
know, the first principle is
there a person first and
then the lesson for their
cues. You know, I think
the other thing with disability
and etiquette is to lessen,
you know, and make the
offer. If you see someone
who needs help with a
door, but if they take
you up on it, great,
they don't, don't be offended.
It may be they're working
on that independent move of
opening a door, but make
the offer. I also think
it's great to be curious.
And, you know, just as
you've just said, how does
it, you know, what, what
are you like? And it's
great to be curious, cause
you'll find some people who
perfectly confident and capable and
want to be termed as
disabled. I, I don't. So
I, you know, I think
being curious is also a
really great thing. What kind
of things are you working
on yourself here in the
area of accessibility to, to
improve things for other people
like your job? Yeah, my
job is to look at
the customer experience for accessibility
at Microsoft. It's a new
position I've been here about
a year now. So I
stepped out from managing support
service sales businesses. I did
that for about 15 years.
So I come from a
business background and I really
just got drawn into accessibility
through my work leading the
disability resource group, employee resource
group here at Microsoft and
forming that. So my work
here is to look at
your a few key aspects
of accessibility from a customer
lens. So holistically, I want
accessibility to be part of
the air that we breathe.
I want adding captions to
that, to that movie to
be easy to do so
it's automated. It's, it's, it's
just easily done. When we
look in, we have some
amazing products are out there,
but how do we take
them to the next level,
by looking at what customers
have to say, how can
we support customers with disabilities?
How can we support accessibility
in a different way? So
we're researching in a few
places and driving certain initiatives
in others, Just out of
curiosity, what have you done
to your setup, your windows?
Do you use any of
our accessibility things like when
the instant messenger beeps does
it, this is a screen
flash for you or what
are some things that you've
done to your windows? Not
a lot. I find we
knows to be incredibly accessible.
I use, I clearly don't
have sound notifications, but I,
you know, I've been a
window user most of my
life. And either if the
notification comes up in the
bottom, right, I see it.
I don't need more than
that. So I don't have
a ton that I need
from a PC. What I
would love is that if
I go on a conference
call any time it's instantly
captioned, you know, there's things
like that, that I can
imagine a new world. And
I know I speak for
others in that. Whereas if
you have other disabilities, windows
has some amazing features. So
in the ease of access
center, if you are blind,
there is a screen reader
built into windows. There are
mobility features. It's several features
in there that are useful
to other aspects of disability.
So my experience is not
is, is different as a
person with deafness. Do you
have accessibility things in your,
in your home, like lamps
that flash when the refund
rings or what if the
fire alarm goes off? Yeah.
I, the first accessibility device
I have is my partner.
He's very well trained and
he will grab me. It's
a serious thing though. You
have to let people know,
you have to tell them.
You're like, you know, if,
if there's a doorbell going,
not going to hear that,
if there's a smoke alarm
going, I'm not going to
hear that. And I also
try my kid, you know,
I think it's she's five
and she gets it. She's
like, mommy says, don't work.
That's how she talks to
others about it. But she'll
come get me. If there's
something at the door, she'll
come get me. If she
hears something and a noise,
she'll also get me if
there's a spider. So I
haven't got it quite down
yet. But yeah, lights are
very important to me. Vibration
is also very important to
me. So whether that's an
alarm clock, strobes fire alarms,
when, when my kiddo was
a baby, there's lots of
gadgets and toys. You can
get just to light up
a room. So every time
she cried, my lamp by
my bed would go off.
So I had to gradually
tweak the sensitivity of that
as the other. Cause trust
me, there was no sleep
there for a while, but
like I'm sure everyone else,
right? What cries can you,
I don't think that was
just a hearing thing. What
cries can you let go?
What cries? There's the I'm
injured and I've fallen on
my head. Cry. I, but
it's not it's you can't
distinguish so much. So you
had to just learn the
decibel level from that, but
they learn pretty fast. So
do you, as this is,
I'm going to go around
the corner on this one.
Are you a safe driver?
And when you use products,
like for example, a car,
are you thinking about accessibility
and then how you're going
to apply that back to
like products that we have?
So yes, people who are
deaf contrived. Well, I know
you can drive. I just
don't know whether you're going
to hear me honking behind
you. No. Why? But that's
a good thing, right? I
don't want to hear you
hall. I have no interest
in that whatsoever. I'm trying
to help you what I'm
sure. Then flashlights and that's
actually what people do. So
I am very good at
my marriage is very good
at, you know, yeah. There's
a fallacy in dues and
other sense grow in another
one. Another one is compromised.
The medical again, is that
no, cos they don't. The
reality is yes they do.
At least my personal view
because I do think you
become just more aware of
body language in a room
of light signals. And when
they go off, you know,
my light signals will wake
me up in the morning.
They don't wake up my
partner. So, you know, it's
curious either that or he's
just ignoring them. So yeah,
you become very observant. Yeah.
Do you, when you use
consumer products or products that
aren't accessible, are you always
kind of cataloging those in
your mind and then bringing
those ideas back to work?
Cause you're you said that
you were kind of a
customer advocate. I'm trying to
understand how you take their
feedback and make sure that
the product gets those ideas.
So there's a number of
ways, very formally that we
get feedback. There's actually a
survey that sits on our
microsoft.com/enable site. I get a
lot of feedback from that.
So that's a, it's just
a quick form where people
can go in and get
that feedback on how important
is accessibility to you and
how satisfied are you and
what is it you want
to see? What is it
that's great. You know, give
me some of those nuggets
of joy that will help
me to think about that
future experience. We also get
a ton of feedback through
a lot of our Microsoft
properties. So anytime you're searching
for content, checking out content,
knowledge articles, or you're speaking
to an agent, we get
a lot of Intel from
that. And particularly if it's
about an accessibility feature, you're
asking about that and we're
trying to get much more
focused about their support for
people with disabilities. And that's
an area of real data
that we've had and data
that we need. So there's
a lot of that. My
own experience of course comes
in as does everyone on
the team that's working around
me. So actually I had
a guy who's a colleague
of mine who was at
CES last week part of
my team and has come
back today talking about headphones,
that relay sound through bone
conduction. So I, and I
use these a lot during
my music degree. So the
headphones that sit just behind
the ear on the bone,
now it's unclear again, medically
how much you hear or
how much you feel. It's
very hard to differentiate, but
for me it takes music
to a different level. So,
you know, there's lots of,
there was for the first
time an accessibility, inclusiveness, a
wing to CS. So I'm
looking forward to digging through
all of these things and
an install that these guys
are brought back, but we
also leverage the internal communities.
The other one, I would
say we have people with
disabilities at Microsoft. We want
more because they help us
to understand drive and build
better products. It's comes back
to that whole philosophy around
diversity. If you have a
diverse group of people, you
will get diverse thinking and
that includes disability. So yeah,
I, as chair, I'm fortunate
to an honor to really
chair that group and how
we can connect them with
product groups and whether it's
testing products, helping design products.
It's a really important role
of what I do. Very
cool. So I will put
links to some of these
things in the show notes
like microsoft.com/enable, and you guys
see those surveys. They don't
just go. I read every
single one. All right. See,
I like to hear that.
All right. Great. Well, thank
you so much for your
time. Absolutely. Thank you for
your interest. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes
and we'll see you again
next week.